Replicating the Crash
Based on our fuzzer output, we can assume
that SyncBreeze is vulnerable
to a buffer overflow when a username
having a length of about 800 bytes
is submitted during login.
Our first task in the exploitation process
is to write a simple script
that will replicate our observed crash,
without having to run the fuzzer
each time.
Our new script declares an inputBuffer
of 800 A’s,
and provides that string as the
username in the POST reqeust.
When executed, this script should
cause an access violation
similar to what we observed earlier.
We are able to consistently
replicate the crash.
This is a good first step.